docs: add snyk remote mcp (#1473)
snyk/user-docs: discover-snyk/getting-started/glossary.md

A library used by the Snyk CLI to scan a certain language or build system.

### Snyk Remote MCP

> A hosted, read-only MCP server that allows compatible AI assistants to query existing Snyk data, including Organizations, Projects, issues, dependencies, and security reports. It does not require the Snyk CLI or access to local source code. See [Snyk Remote MCP](https://docs.snyk.io/developer-tools/integrations/snyk-remote-mcp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A hosted, read-only MCP server that allows compatible AI assistants to query existing Snyk data, including Organizations, Projects, issues, dependencies, and security reports. It does not require the Snyk CLI or access to local source code. Visit [Snyk Remote MCP](https://docs.snyk.io/developer-tools/integrations/snyk-remote-mcp) for more information.
```
